Hello people with a bunch of plums on my
nerds and if so give now
nerds foot should we swing
stamina and an example will be here
pretty nice though it's not
help Istomin who is his kid
character on Peter but at the same time I
sent downs half of his gear
I'm just a diagnostician reluctant dog all the same
what the result is why i decided so
thought for one main reason for
when close he was that both mountains winning
In principle, they played LSD that is
affliction afflek ribbons or mental
shaman and more than once and chest and they played
very protective they are 100 kirov sheets well
here is 1 tea growth and clap it sake rest on
stamina and all that is consideration
I marvel at how so fuck a fig
you become lawyers and at the same time I am so
I thought well, what do we have in person?
put on the wild and either varnish
make great results and numbers
got and basically pretty or
then you are not bad
and we will lose it five percent
force 3. 2 percent crit if they have
fog and of course human and here too
time we are somewhere for very much it is over 10
percent.
and do 12 5. and all our nki
besides legions are much stronger too
I will become and shorter when on Peter gram or
there is a hit movie about up to 22 thousand two
thousand tamar
Here we plant a couple of ren first there
lost in
but at the same time that he noticed something
I was focused a little I actually van
the hall rack much more cases like this
than a lose shorter we lose 1905
crit we will lose thirteen thousand
by force but at the same time we acquire
from 435 a amine material 1435 by force
together with our actions or 1151
when our garden foundations prokatsya
that is, it is somewhere in the 5 percent strength
coming 3. 2 percent of the cells here we are too
time to sleep his neck
attacker stats will be increased write
percent 5 percent of pi pi force and
reduced by 80 percent because we have
There is a deal here and in short, I looked like that
although mac-down food is not bad, we
losing here but at the same time we
we get yes bows big big
start our survival rate that is we
we acquire in principle 80. 8 percent
hp too 12.09 percent more hp we
will run
our mask will take a will rise a 163
thousands got 83,000 that's possible
for cd what is 12.26 percent
increase and converter around 12.1
the patient will rise too
there are two rooms are not bad but not the same
while rises on exr 10
percent because we are to the ramb set of
bloody stance and at the same time when u
us as packaged only more
arma gives this center becomes even
stronger because we will have more
armor on us here and at the same time msx
dancing is much stronger
if you are going to run with the neck
have seen rhyming and which reduces
recharge MSK in the record of how much
A review would be left on you and when I'm for not
great simulation i mean i turned out
as a pity conduct a 1000 review of kin m with y
you create and either 13 or 32000
if you become lawyers well or not and your
Moscow dream or on 3. 2 seconds either on
7 2 seconds and that's 10 percent difference
that is, if you will be soccer.
your obligatory brain even dreams on
10 percent and at the same time big
question is it worth it or not
firstly because you will run
more in the archaic rack I think this
pretty worth it of course not worth it
straight on stand this bryansk stupid
jam as they say against each
teams but if you have a lot
focuses and especially the horn will be their
the authors
you just pond obey the design and
because there is a lot of damage to wild affairs
either magicians
I think it's worth it.
time these be Iranian cougars on the carpet from
not a lot of wild sit then of course
go more with attacking stats so
how at the end of the season we can somewhere 20
have i think why not why 20
This will be them I will stream this
all look viewed and pain in this
meaning or not and let you know for lacquers
by the way it's even more you lose more
damage but you get more points
thanks for watching the next one
botanical video and bye